psychology professor John pilly was
interested in finding out how many words
a dog had learned you did you and seven
years ago he found the perfect students
shaking using crate loads of toys John
and his colleagues devised a
groundbreaking study of canine
intelligence the toys all have names
that chaser has learned throughout her
life and John picks eight at random
Jason that's my son
Jason I'm punch okay party they pop up
right
do it go do it yeah inter yeah we go
chase dine wrote and wrote and wrote
I won't rush good girl y'all never
looked at the toys on the Manoir so to
pick the right object chaser has to
actually understand what he's saying
yeah there's Wow inter picked up in
three years of intensive training chaser
had learned an astounding 1022 words
that's 116 balls 26 frisbees and over
800 cloth animal but how does she do it
[Music]
on the math are five items chaser nodes
and one new one she's never seen a cat
but John called me out ace and meow meow
time meow here we go do it do it do it
go please Papa this pack involves highly
complex logic the new word isn't in
chasers vocabulary so she has to
understand that it might refer to an
unfamiliar object or a girl do it just
get me out
I want me out do it go do it right now
the way to solve the puzzle is by a
process of elimination
give me do it do it
there's meow come here commuter only one
trial the new toy and the found in yow
are lost in her brain works me yeah
yeah good girl and it just goes to
show that you can teach an old dog new
tricks
you